Update DG for edit use case + tier and status (#309)
AY2425S1-CS2103T-T14-4/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

5. All values passed are valid fort

#### Current implementation
When users enter in the `edit` command, they have to specify a valid index (referring to the index of a client within the current viewed list of clients) which is:
1. Positive
2. Is an index inside the current viewed list of clients.

### 4. Delete Command
The `delete` command is used to remove client's contacts from the existing list of clients saved in AgentAssist.

The next section will describe in detail the current implementation and design considerations of the command.

#### Current implementation
When users enter in the `delete` command, they have to specify a valid index (referring to the index of a client within the current viewed list of clients) which is:
1. Positive
2. Is an index inside the current viewed list of clients. 

Here is a high-level view of the methods involved when the `delete` command is run and the user approves of the deletion after a confirmation prompt is showed.
![DeleteSequenceDiagram.png](images%2FDeleteSequenceDiagram.png)

This follows the activity diagram shown below:

![DeleteActivityDiagram.png](images%2FDeleteActivityDiagram.png)

> The prompt for confirmation by the user seen here is also used in the `clear` command. The rationale behind this confirmation prompt was to ensure that users didn't end up losing precious data if they changed their minds later on or accidentally inputted the command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user confirmation prompt shown here is also used in the `clear` command. This prompt is intended to help prevent accidental data loss by allowing users to confirm their decision, providing an opportunity to reconsider or correct any unintended command input.
```
